1、What can you tell me about yourself?
　　这个问题并不是要你介绍你的简历，老师是希望你能通过一件小事，了解你的处理方式，从而看出你的性格、优势，与哪位老师比较匹配等。
　　The following is a good example of a positive response. "In high school I was involved in competitive sports and I always tried to improve in each sport I participated in. As a college student, I worked in a clothing store part-time and found that I could sell things easily. The sale was important, but for me, it was even more important to make sure that the customer was satisfied. It was not long before customers came back to the store and specifically asked for me to help them. I'm very competitive and it means a lot to me to be the best."


　　2、What is your greatest strength
　　这个问题是想要了解你对你的专业、对你的学校，包括对以后的研究生生活的自信程度，让他们看到你作为研究生的优势。


　　I feel that my strongest asset is my ability to stick to things to get them done. I feel a real sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turns out just as I'd planned. I've set some high goals for myself. For example, I want to graduate with highest distinction. And even though I had a slow start in my freshman year, I made up for it by doing an honor's thesis.


　　3、What would you like to be doing five years after graduation?
　　毕业五年之后的规划，这个问题你可以通过与学长学姐聊天或者同其他已经毕业的学生交流看看他们的做法，结合自身的优势，给出你的回答。


　　I hope to do my best I can be at my job and because many in this line of work are promoted to area manager, I am planning on that also.


　　4、Why do you choose this major?
　　为什么选择报考专业?这个问题是老师比较喜欢的一个问题。需要你表达自己对专业的喜欢，现在开始可以多查看相关的专业文章，对专业术语了解清楚，在复试中会有加分的机会。


　　I major in International Trade and have great interest in it. International trade currently become increasingly important in the world of globalization, and those companies desirous to file themselves into the international market and have to confront plenty of issues. Thus, corresponding emphasis have been put on these issues in this field. But during my college study and internship period, I have found I have many to study, so it is very necessary and urgent for me to grasp firmly and comprehensively the relevant knowledge of international trade. That is why I chose this major. Now I look forward to enriching my scope in this field in our university.


　　5、Why do you change your major?
　　为什么跨专业?这是跨专业考研同学几乎必背的一个问题，多说报考专业的未来发展，少说原专业不合适。


　　I show keen interest in the (报考专业) studies, 报考方向 in particular, even though my major is 原专业. You might ask me why, well, let’s tell you like this. 原专业 are too abstract, full of terms, far away from the real world. I don’t mean that 原专业 is useless. But 报考专业 studies seem more challenging, and promising for my future career. My plan is like this: start my work in a 相关行业 firm and work as a 专业人士 so that I can try my best to help the clients, who they’re and where they’re from, whether they’re rich or poor. That’s why I made up my mind to change my major and applied for this law school.